Adrian: WHO'S IN HERE?
AREN'T YOU
THAT KID MARCEL?
NOT ANYMORE.
SURPRISE!
OHH! BUT I THOUGHT
WE HAD A DEAL!
YOU PROMISED TO SHARE
ALL YOUR POWER WITH ME!
BUT NOW IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU GOT YOURSELF
A NEW PLAN...
SO WHAT GIVES?!
NOTHING HAS
CHANGED, ADRIAN.
YOU HAVE MY WORD...
I CAN STILL YOU
GIVE YOU THE POWER
YOU DESIRE.
ALL I REQUIRE
IS THAT YOU FOLLOW
MY EVERY COMMAND.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[MEOW]
[STUDENTS CHATTERING]
IT'S CHOW TIME,
EVERYBODY!
OKAY, GUYS,
COME AND GET IT!
ENJOY!
ENJOY?
THIS AIN'T FOOD!
IT'S ALL WE HAVE!
HEY, CHAZZ...
CAN WE HAVE SOME?
EVER SINCE YOU GUYS
BECAME REAL,
ALL YOU ARE IS HUNGRY!
GO ASK THEM!
SORRY, YOU THREE.
BUT WE HAVE TO
RATION OUR FOOD
SO YOU'LL HAVE TO
SHARE WITH CHAZZ.
Boy: COME ON! HURRY UP!
IT'S ARE TURN!
WE GOT TO EAT TOO!
WE'RE STARVIN'!
NOW MOVE IT, BUDDY!
BE QUIET!
WE'RE ALL HERE TOGETHER,
SO WE HAVE TO LEARN
TO SHARE...
OR NOBODY GETS NUTHIN'!
SORRY, BUT WE HAVE
SOME GRUBS IN THE BACK
IF YOU'D LIKE.
THAT'S OKAY...
MY BIKINI'S BEEN
GETTIN' TOO TIGHT.
I HOPE THEY UNDERSTAND,
BUT WE DON'T EVEN HAVE
ENOUGH FOOD
FOR PHARAOH...
NO MATTER HOW HE TRIES
TO BUTTER ME UP.
[MOANING]
I'M WORRIED
ABOUT BLAIR.
THE SCHOOL DOESN'T HAVE
THE PROPER RESOURCES
TO TREAT HER.
WE MUST GET BACK
TO OUR WORLD
BEFORE HER
CONDITION WORSENS.
I'M SURE
A REAL HOSPITAL
WOULD BE MORE
THAN CAPABLE
OF HELPING HER.
YOU'RE RIGHT!
BUT IF YOU DON'T
KNOW HOW TO GET US BACK,
THEN HOW WILL WE GET
THE HELP SHE NEEDS?
I WISH I HAD
THE ANSWERS FOR YOU,
BUT I'M
AT MY WITS' END.
I JUST HOPE THAT
OTHER STUDENTS
DON'T BECOME
THIS ILL.
POOR BLAIR.
THERE'S GOTTA BE
SOMETHING WE CAN DO!
RIGHT, MISS FONTAINE?
UH-UH. UNFORTUNATELY,
WE'VE RUN OUT
OF THE MEDICINE I NEED.
NOW, UNLESS YOU KNOW WHERE
TO FIND A FIRST AID KIT
WITH ALL THESE MEDICATIONS,
BLAIR'S CONDITION
WILL ONLY WORSEN.
THAT'S
A PRETTY LONG LIST.
DID SHE SAY
FIRST AID KIT?
THE SUBMARINE!
I SAW ONE STRANDED
IN THE DESERT!
IT MUST HAVE
A FIRST AID KIT
ON BOARD!
[THINKING]
I GOTTA CHECK
THAT SUB OUT.
YOU THINK CROWLER
WILL LET US GO?
ABSOLUTELY NOT!
I'M THE ONE IN CHARGE
OF DUEL ACADEMY,
AND I SAY NO ONE
GOES ANYWHERE!
Jaden: BUT WE GOTTA GET
THAT FIRST AID KIT!
IT'S NOT LIKE WE CAN
JUST RUN TO THE DRUGSTORE
AND PUT AN ORDER IN!
YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE
TO GO, PROFESSOR,
WE'LL HANDLE IT!
IT'S BETTER FOR YOU
TO STAY WITH THE REMAINING
STUDENTS ANYWAY.
TRUE, BUT IF SOMETHING
SHOULD HAPPEN TO YOU,
YOUR PARENTS WOULD
HAVE MY JOB.
NOW I CAN'T RISK
MY TENURE AND PENSION.
OH, WHY DO ALL
THE IMPORTANT DECISIONS
ALWAYS FALL
UPON MY SHOULDERS?
ALEXIS, WHO'S
HE TALKING TO?
PROBABLY HIS EGO, SYRUS,
BECAUSE YOU KNOW HE LOVES
THE SOUND
OF HIS OWN VOICE.
WHAT'D YOU TALK
YOURSELF INTO
DOIN', PROFESSOR?!
LOOK, THERE'S
NO MEDICINE LEFT,
AND WE NEED
TO FIND SOME FAST!
SO LISTEN!
GIVE US THE GREEN LIGHT
TO GO FIND THAT SUB!
DON'T WORRY, IF I'M WITH 'EM
NUTHIN'S GONNA HAPPEN!
YOU GOT THAT
RIGHT, MATE!
YA SEE, AXEL AND I HAVE
BOTH RECENTLY TAKEN
DUELING
IN THE DESERT 101.
NOW SHOW 'EM WHAT
ELSE WE'VE GOT!
Syrus: STUDENT NOTEBOOKS?
CORRECT, BUT ONCE WE
RECONFIGURE THEIR HARD DRIVES,
WE CAN USE 'EM
AS IF THEY WERE
GLOBAL POSITIONING
HOMING BEACONS...
WHICH'LL HELP
GUIDE US BACK
TO DUEL ACADEMY!
CROWLER, PLEASE!
DON'T YOU SEE THAT
NOTHING'S GONNA HAPPEN TO YOU
AS LONG AS WE'RE WORKING
TOGETHER AS A TEAM?!
[WHIMPERS]
Bonaparte: CROWLER!
I'VE LOOKED AND I CAN'T
FIND HIM ANYWHERE!
MARCEL IS MISSING!
WHY, WHY, WHY...
VICE-CHANCELLOR!
YOU HAVE TO
CALM DOWN!
THERE ARE LOTS
OF STUDENTS MISSING!
IS THIS MARCEL
SOMEONE SPECIAL?
NO! IT'S NOT LIKE...
MARCEL'S MY SON
OR ANYTHING EVEN
CLOSE TO THAT!
HE'S JUST ONE OF THE MORE
PETIT STUDENTS
AT DUEL ACADEMY
AND I'M CONCERNED
FOR HIS WELL-BEING!
WELL, CROWLER?!
YOU NEED ANOTHER REASON?
HMM. NOW WHAT WOULD
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD DO
IF HE WAS IN MY SITUATION?
OH, BUT OF COURSE!
HE WOULD PASS THE BUCK
TO THE VICE-CHANCELLOR
AND MAKE HIM RESPONSIBLE
FOR ANY DECISIONS.
DO WHATEVER!
BUT BE FAST!
WE MUST ENSURE THE SAFETY
OF THE STUDENTS,
ESPECIALLY MARCEL,
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE....
Jaden: SO HERE'S
THE GAME PLAN...
WE LOOK
FOR THE FIRST AID KIT,
AND YOU GUYS
GUARD DUEL ACADEMY!
SURE! IF TROUBLE
COMES LOOKIN' FOR US,
ME AND MY OJAMAS
WILL HANDLE IT! RIGHT?
Adrian: I'M GOING
WITH YOU, JADEN!
HUH?
OKAY...BUT I THOUGHT THAT
YOU WERE HURT.
I'M FEELING
MUCH BETTER.
PLUS AFTER
JESSE SAVED ME
FROM THAT HARPIE,
IT'S THE LEAST I COULD DO
TO SAY THANKS!
COOL! SOUNDS GOOD!
WE SHOULD HEAD OUT!
YEAH! LET'S GO FIND US
A SUBMARINE!
YOU GOT IT!
ALL RIGHTY!
CHAZZ! GOOD LUCK!
LUCK IS FOR LOSERS!
SEE YA!
DUEL FIRST!
ASK QUESTIONS
LATER!
[THINKING]
THIS EXCURSION IS PROVIDING
THE PERFECT COVER
FOR ME TO FIND THAT SUB
AND COVER MY TRACKS.
'CAUSE IF THESE GUYS FIND
OUT ABOUT THAT CARD I'M AFTER,
MY PLANS COULD
BE IN SERIOUS JEOPARDY...
AND I CAN KEEP HIM HAPPY
BY WATCHING JADEN'S
EVERY MOVE.
WATCH THEM WELL, ADRIAN.
YOU WORK FOR ME NOW!
NOW TO SEND JADEN
A LITTLE WELCOMING PRESENT...
WHAT NOW?
WELL, JESS,
SINCE OUR DUEL
SPIRITS ARE REAL,
I THOUGHT WE'D JUST FLY
TO THE SUB?
'CAUSE IT SURE
BEATS WALKIN'!
YEAH, BUT AFTER I
SUMMONED MY CRYSTAL
BEAST PEGASUS TO BATTLE,
MY BIOBAND
DRAINED MY ENERGY.
SO WE REALLY NEED
TO BE CAREFUL
WHEN WE CALL OUT
OUR MONSTERS.
Axel: HE'S RIGHT!
BUT WITH DANGER
LURKING AROUND
EVERY CORNER
IT SOUNDS LIKE
USING OUR DECKS
IS GONNA BE SOMETHING
OF A LAST RESORT
PROPOSITION.
YOU GUYS ARE NO FUN!
[KURIBOH CHIRPING]
DON'T WORRY, YOU CAN
STILL HANG WITH US!
JADEN, IF YOU
DON'T FOCUS,
SOMEBODY'S LIABLE
TO GET HURT!
CHILL OUT.
WE'VE GONE WAY BEYOND
SIMPLE HOLOGRAMS
OF MONSTERS.
THINGS HERE ARE REAL
AND THEY DON'T SEEM TO KEEN
ON BECOMING FRIENDS!
YEAH, YEAH, I KNOW.
[SNARLS]
HUH?
TAKE COVER!
SOMETHING'S COMING!
I DON'T LIKE
THE SOUND OF THAT!
IS IT COMING
THIS WAY?
I HOPE NOT!
DO SOMETHING.
YOU DO SOMETHING.
Jaden: I THINK IT'S GONE.
PHEW!
Axel: GUYS, I'M GONNA START
DROPPING OUR HOMING BEACONS.
Jim: GOOD IDEA, WE DON'T
WANT TO GET LOST OUT HERE!
Jesse: THAT'S FOR SURE!
LOOK THERE!
THE SUB!
LOOKS LIKE BASTION
WAS RIGHT AFTER ALL, GUYS!
COME ON!
WAIT, JADEN!
AAH!
JADEN!
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK!
AAH!
Axel: JADEN!
GRAB MY HAND!
GOT YA!
[GRUNTING]
Boy of Light:
DO IT, ADRIAN, DO IT NOW.
ALMOST LOST YA
GRIP THERE, MATE!
STILL WEAK, I GUESS.
[RUMBLING]
WHO'S THIS GUY?!
I AM THE ROCK SPIRIT!
AND YOU HAVE ALL TRAMPLED
UPON MY SACRED DOMAIN!
NOW ONE OF YOU WILL HAVE
TO PAY THE ULTIMATE PRICE.
WHO SHALL IT BE?
I'LL TAKE YOU ON!
YOU GUYS TAKE CARE
OF JADEN AND AXEL!
YOU DARE TAKE ME ON?
THIS DUEL SHALL
BE YOUR LAST!
BRING IT!
GAME ON!
PREPARE TO BE ROCKED!
I SUMMON
SAND DOODLEBUG!
Jim: WATCH OUT, GUYS!
YOU DON'T WANNA SEE
WHAT 1,200 ATTACK POINTS
OF DOODLEBUG CAN DO.
OKAY, "ROCK,"
WATCH THIS!
I SUMMON CRYSTAL
BEAST AMETHYST CAT!
[GROWLS]
ALL RIGHT, KITTY,
IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO POUNCE!
MARVELOUS!
ATTACK THAT
DOODLEBUG!
[GROWLS]
WHERE'D HE GO?!
HE CAN'T DODGE
HER ATTACK
UNLESS HE'S
IN A DESERT FIELD!
THIS IS
A DESERT FIELD.
JUST TAKE A LOOK
AT WHAT YOU'RE
SURROUNDED BY HERE,
JESSE!
SAND DUNES,
STIFLING HEAT...
THIS ALL MUST PLAY AS
IF IT'S A FIELD SPELL!
AND THAT'S WHY
ROCK SPIRIT'S BUG
COULD AVOID YOUR ATTACK!
SO WHAT HAPPENS
TO HIS FELINE?
IF THE RULES HOLD TRUE
IN THIS WORLD,
ANY LEVEL-3-OR-BELOW
MONSTER IS DESTROYED!
[GROWLS]
NO, AMETHYST!
AND NOW SAND DOODLEBUG
ATTACKS HIM DIRECTLY!
SO IF THE MONSTERS
ARE REAL,
THEN LIFE POINTS
AND THAT MEANS
THAT JESSE COULD BE
IN THE DUEL
OF HIS LIFE!
HOW'M I GONNA WIN?
THIS DESERT FIELD
KEEPS SANDBAGGIN'
ALL MY MOVES!
HA HA HA HA!
YOU CAN'T AVOID
THIS WASTELAND!
YOUR CHANCES HAVE
ALL BUT DRIED UP!
YOU'RE BEATEN!
OH, YEAH?!
HOW 'BOUT I FLY
OVER THE DESERT...
WITH CRYSTAL BEAST
COBALT EAGLE!
[SCREECHES]
ATTACK!
COBALT, GET
OUTTA THERE!
NOW THAT YOUR BIRD
HAS FLOWN THE COOP,
YOU'RE WIDE OPEN!
HUH?
DOODLEBUG,
SANDBLAST HIM!
THAT'S NO DAY
AT THE BEACH!
I'M SUMMONIN'...
MY OLD PAL CRYSTAL
BEAST SAPPHIRE PEGASUS!
AND NOW I'M
GONNA LAY DOWN...
A COUPLE
A' FACEDOWNS!
YOU WON'T GET
A CHANCE TO USE THEM!
THIS WILL SOON BE OVER!
DOODLEBUG, ATTACK!
YOUR MISTAKE, ROCK!
WITH THAT SAND WALL
OPENIN' UP TO GET
AN ATTACK OUT,
I CAN GET
SOMETHING IN!
SOMETHING
WITH SOME FORCE...
AS IN G-FORCE!
YOU DARE?!
NOW YOUR DOODLEBUG
IS WIDE OPEN!
SO HERE COMES
ONE A'MY BEASTS!
AND I'M CALLIN'
OUT MY CRYSTAL BEAST
TOPAZ TIGER!
[GROWLS]
AND NOW HE GETS
MORE BITE...
SEE TOPAZ GAINS 400 POINTS
WHEN HE ATTACKS,
AND HE'S GONNA USE EACH ONE
OF THOSE POINTS ON YOU!
GO, TOPAZ, INCISOR SHRED!
NOTHING BUT
A FLESH WOUND!
YOUR TIGER MAY HAVE
WON THIS BATTLE,
BUT THE DUEL IS
FAR FROM OVER!
I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THAT!
COBALT EAGLE!
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS!
ATTACK!
OHH!
[GROANS]
HA HA HA!
SO MY ROCK SPIRIT
FAILED ME.
NO MATTER, I STILL GET
ENERGY TO MAKE ME STRONGER
FOR MY ULTIMATE MISSION!
HA HA HA!
HELLO?!
ANYONE HOME?!
IT'S EMPTY.
I THINK IT'S DESERTED.
THAT WAS QUITE
THE BRILLIANT
DEDUCTION, ADRIAN.
SO WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
Jesse: ANY IDEAS, JADEN?
SPREAD OUT!
HERE'S THE LIST
OF FIRST AID ITEMS
MISS FONTAINE NEEDED.
PERFECT!
I'LL LOOK AROUND
FOR THIS...
AND YOU THE REST
OF YOU GUYS...
CAN SEARCH FOR FOOD
AND SUPPLIES THAT WE
CAN BRING BACK WITH US.
[CHIRPS]
SURE, KURIBOH!
YOU CAN HELP ME
SEARCH AROUND!
[THINKING]
WHERE'D THIS SUB
COME FROM ANYWAY?
HEY, COULD THIS
BE THE FIRST AID?
I HOPE IT'S IN HERE.
BINGO!
HMM. EMPTY!
[CHIRPING]
OH. HMM.
THESE'LL KEEP US WARM
IN CASE THOSE SUNS EVER SET!
[THINKING]
WONDER WHERE
THIS LEADS TO.
TORPEDO TUBES?
THIS SUB WASN'T
MESSIN' AROUND!
[THINKING]
JUST A COUPLE
MORE SECONDS. I'M IN!
NOW TO DELETE ALL
THE FILES THAT REFERENCE ME,
MY FAMILY, AND THAT CARD.
IT'S LIKE I
NEVER EXISTED.
SO YOU TOOK DOWN
ONE ROCK SPIRIT...
BUT THERE'S MORE
WHERE THAT CAME FROM!
HA HA HA!
IT'S TIME TO TAKE THE STING
OUT OF MY LAST DEFEAT!
NOW GO AND LAY WASTE,
FIEND SCORPIONS!
GREAT NEWS, FELLAS!
I FOUND ALL
THE FIRST AID WE NEEDED!
THEY HAD HEAPS
OF THE STUFF!
NICE! AND I FOUND
SOME FOOD!
WELL...ACTUALLY,
KURIBOH FOUND IT..
LOOK HERE: BLANKETS!
SORRY, GUYS...
BUT I GOT NOTHIN'!
IT LIKE A MAZE DOWN HERE.
I ENDED UP FINDING
THE COMMUNICATIONS CENTER...
BUT ALL THE HARDWARE
WAS FRIED,
AND I COULDN'T
ACCESS ANY INFO.
SO WHAT'S
THE NEXT MOVE?
Jaden: WELL, WE GOT
WHAT WE CAME FOR,
SO I GUESS WE SHOULD HEAD
BACK TO DUEL ACADEMY.
HUH?
Jim: SCORPIONS!
WELL, THEY'RE ABOUT
TO GET CRUSHED!
HERE GOES!
I PLAY CLAYMAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
Jesse: THEY'RE RETREATIN'!
Axel: NOW'S OUR CHANCE!
LET'S MAKE A RUN FOR IT!
I RECKON'
WE'RE SAFE NOW.
OH, NO, YOU'RE NOT!
BEHOLD 8-CLAWS SCORPION!
AND NOW I PLAY
THE SPELL CARD
BOOK OF MOON!
WHICH TURNS YOUR
CLAYMAN INTO PUTTY!
GUYS, I THINK
OUR CHANCES...
JUST TOOK A TURN
FOR THE WORSE!
OHH!
8-CLAWS SCORPION
IS OUT THERE!
AND WITH YOUR CLAYMAN
UPSIDE DOWN,
THAT MEANS SCORPION'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE GONNA INCREASE
BY 2,100!
OH, NO! WITH
THAT MANY ATTACK POINTS,
CLAYMAN'S HISTORY,
AND IT LOOKS
LIKE WE ARE TOO!
INCOMING!
Jim: EVERYONE ALL RIGHT?
YEAH, BUT THOSE SCORPIONS
MIGHT CHANGE ALL THAT.
YOU GUYS READY?
'CAUSE HERE THEY COME!
HOLD UP!
IF ALL OF YOU FIGHT
THESE CREATURES,
THEN ALL OF YOU
LOSE ENERGY!
THAT'S WHY I'LL
TAKE 'EM ON!
WHAT? NO WAY!
YES WAY!
NOW Y'ALL GET OUTTA HERE,
WHILE ME AND MY BEASTS
HANDLE THIS!
COME ON OUT,
CRYSTAL BEASTS
AMETHYST CAT
AND TOPAZ TIGER!
OKAY, YOU TWO!
NOW SQUASH THEM CRITTERS
WITH SOME FELINE FEROCITY!
GOT IT!
WITH PLEASURE!
HERE COMES...
AMETHYST POWER POUNCE
AND TOPAZ INCISOR SHRED!
[GROWLS]
THESE INSOLENT FOOLS
WILL NEVER ESCAPE!
THEIR FATE IS SEALED!
COME FORTH, SAND DOODLEBUG!
LET'S SEE HOW THIS SUB
WORKS UNDER THE OCEAN OF SAND
THAT'S ABOUT
TO CRASH DOWN UPON YOU!
CRIKEY!
THIS CAN'T BE GOOD!
WE'RE SINKING!
BUT HOW?
NO TIME TO WASTE!
WE GOTTA MOVE!
THIS WAY!
HEY, YOU THINK THIS
SUBMARINE HAS A BACKDOOR
OR AN EMERGENCY EXIT?
NEGATIVE! THE ONLY
WAY TO GET OUT IS
THE SAME WAY WE GOT IN!
RIGHT, NOW THAT
DOESN'T LEAVE US
TOO MANY OPTIONS,
DOES IT, MATE!
MAYBE, MAYBE NOT!
I WONDER IF THIS SUB
HAS THOSE TORPEDO
THINGIES DOWN HERE?
HEY, I THINK I SEE
WHERE YOU'RE GOING
WITH THIS, JADEN.
MAYBE THOSE TUBES
COULD BE OUR WAY OUT!
BUT THEY'RE
THAT WAY!
WHAT? OH, MAN!
NOW WHAT?
WE OPEN 'EM!
YEAH, BUT TONS
OF SAND WILL RUSH IN!
AND OUR SECRET
WEAPON WILL RUSH OUT!
HUH?
JADEN, YOU READY?
THIS PLAN
OF YOURS BETTER WORK
'CAUSE THERE AIN'T GONNA
BE A SECOND CHANCE!
DO IT!
ON THREE...
ONE...
TWO...
THREE!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL HERO
NEOS AND GRAND MOLE!
CONTACT FUSION!
IT LOOKS LIKE THE SANDS
OF TIME HAVE RUN THEIR
COURSE WITH YOU!
HA HA HA HA!
HUH?
AAH!
ALL RIGHT! NEOS DID IT!
YEAH, JADEN,
HE DID IT ALL RIGHT!
HMM?
[GROANING]
THANK YOU, JADEN.
THE MORE YOU FIGHT,
THE MORE OF YOUR
ENERGY BECOMES MINE.
Jim: THAT WAS QUITE THE RIDE,
WASN'T IT, FELLAS?
Jaden:
YEAH, YOU KNOW IT!
THE SIGNAL SEEMS
TO BE PRETTY STRONG,
SO NOW WE JUST FOLLOW
THEM BACK TO THE ACADEMY.
HAVE YOU GOT
THE FIRST AID KIT, JESSE?
YOU BETTER
BELIEVE IT, PAL!
NOW WHAT DO YA SAY WE
PUT 'EM TO SOME USE!
YEP, WE BETTER GET
A MOVE ON, MATES!
RIGHT!
HEY, JADEN, NICE
WORK IN THERE.
THANKS!
BUT WE'RE NOT OUT
OF THE DUNES YET, ADRIAN,
WE SURVIVED THIS,
BUT WHO KNOWS WHAT'S NEXT.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪